[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Okay. You ready?
Spring Hopper!
Let's go!
You got stronger since last
time, but I got stronger, too!
You wanna see destructive power?
I've taken this to the max!
[LUFFY] "The Battle of Love!
The New Leader Sai vs. Baby 5!"
What are you doing, Bellamy?
You're finally free!
Now cut it out, before you die!
Pathetic! Stop showing
mercy to your enemy!
[grunting]
Charlestone, go!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Lord Pica!
Aim at me! You're attacking
all over the place!
Look around!
The only ones you're
hurting are your own men!
[laughs]
I'm gonna cut you to pieces.
[SAI]
Try to keep up!
Okay!
[BABY 5]
I can't believe it! He needs me!
He really needs me!
I won't let you go!
We have to settle this!
You took the words
right outta my mouth!
Just you and me, lady!
I'm not leaving, I promise you!
[BABY 5] Ah? He just said
that he'll never leave me.
That was a proposal, huh?
Where the hell did you
get that crazy idea?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[LAO G grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Ah! He pulled his back!
[LAO G]
G!
I see! His secret technique!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
The deadly Back-Pain Stance!
Not done yet.
[grunting] Prepare to die!
Geo-Fist.
Eye-Strain Jab!
[grunting]
[LAO G]
Icy Stiff Shoulder!
Poor Circulation Impact!
[CHIN JAO groans]
[LAO G] Chrysanthemum
Chestnut Strained Back!
[CHIN JAO groans]
[LAO G]
Immortal Warrior's Joint Pain!
[grunting]
That's the true
power of old age!
Chin Jao's bounty is huge,
but he's just not old enough!
[LAO G] No one understands
the meaning of pain
better than the elderly!
That is the greatness
of Geo Fist.
With a capital G!
Hey, uh, excuse me. Lao G, sir?
Don Chin Jao is that way.
[LAO G]
G!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[CHIN JAO]
I thoroughly oppose it!
--[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
--Your engagement!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Who're you even talking to?
[SAI] What are you
talking about, old man?!
There's no engagement!
You're not marrying me?
Why's that so shocking
to you? We're fighting!
[CHIN JAO] Sai! You're already
arranged to marry Ooklicia,
the daughter of the
Nihosui Army's leader!
Hi, Sai!
I know that!
Frankly, I don't give
a damn who I marry!
You make whatever
political alliance you want!
I don't care about romance,
so it's all the same to me!
You've done it now!
Only a fool would dare
to ignore Lao G!
He's gonna be so angry!
[LAO G]
Huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
He didn't hear a word they said!
Wait a second. He is angry!
Look! There's an aura of rage
steaming off of his head!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
That's his soul!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
Guess he reached the natural end
of his life!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
Yeah, okay, but kinda
awkward timing, isn't it?
No! It can't be!
Lao G! Stay with us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
We need you!
Please, come back!
Back. Back. Back.
[LAO G]
Hm?
Ha?
He couldn't understand
what we said,
but he came back anyway!
Oh, thank goodness!
[LAO G laughs]
I see the rigors of age
have not been kind to you!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
Look who's talking!
Uh-oh! He means business!
I've had enough, Sai!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
Chin Jao's got family drama!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
He couldn't hear, anyway!
Let's discuss this
another time, okay?
Your collar was crooked. There!
Damn it! You're not
my wife! Stop that!
[SAI gasps]
Stay away from me, you freak!
[BABY 5 gasps]
That's awful!
[gasps] I don't understand you.
What is your end game?
Are you trying to seduce me?
We're supposed to be fighting,
not getting married!
[BABY 5] Why would I fight you,
when you need me?
Let me be useful!
Tell me what I can do!
[chuckles] Oh, really!
Y'wanna help me?
Then why don't you die?
[gasps]
If I let you
walk away from this,
and you cause trouble for
Straw Hat and his friends,
then my debt will
never be repaid!
We're laying our lives down
to defeat you Executives!
That's the least we can do!
So fight me or die!
[BABY 5]
That's what you want?
Huh?
No problem!
Then I'll die happily.
I don't mind at all,
if it'll help you.
[gasps] Uh, wait.
I love helping people
more than anything in the world.
I'm glad you need me.
Cut that out! I was kidding!
Just trash-talking my enemy!
I can't let our battle
conclude this way!
I'd regret it for
the rest of my life!
[CHIN JAO]
What are you doing, Sai?
Your enemy wants to
kill herself, doesn't she?
Let her!
Just who are you
fighting for, anyway?
What?
[CHIN JAO]
As a leader of our army,
you can't afford to show mercy!
Shut up, old man!
You're not my master
anymore, so cram it!
[yells]
[SAI]
Hey! Stop!
[BABY 5]
To be useful, even in death.
This is all that
I've ever wanted.
[TRIBESMAN A sighs]
Why did you have a child?
[TRIBESWOMAN A] She won't
contribute a damned thing,
but she'll eat plenty, I'm sure!
[TRIBESMAN A]
We have too many mouths to feed.
Take her to the mountain
and leave her there.
[BABY 5]
Mommy, where are we going?
Why are you so quiet?
Mommy? [gasps]
Mommy! Don't leave
me here, please! No!
[BABY 5'S MOTHER]
Stop following me.
No, Mommy, take me with you,
this place is scary!
[sighs] I'm leaving you
because you're useless.
You're not wanted
or needed, okay?
[BABY 5'S MOTHER] Not by this
world and not by anyone in it.
[BABY 5] Even you? Even you
don't need me, Mommy?
[crying]
So it'll help you if
I buy 50 subscriptions?
They need me! I'm so glad!
[BABY 5 gasps]
You want me to marry you?
Well, if you really need me!
You're not wanted
or needed, okay?
Not by this world
and not by anyone in it.
[BABY 5]
You were wrong, Mother.
Now, someone does need me.
[SAI]
I said stop, you stupid broad!
You're the one who's stupid!
What the?!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
He's a monster!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E gasps]
Look! Up there!
[CHIN JAO]
Damn you, Sai!
You're a disgrace
to the Happosui Army!
[CHIN JAO]
Either correct your actions
or resign from your
post immediately!
You fool! Are you
listening to me?
This is my problem!
So stay out of it, old man!
[CHIN JAO]
Like hell I will!
Hasshoken Technique!
This is scary! His headbutt
can split a glacier in half!
[CHIN JAO] I'll set you
straight with my drill head!
And that goes for
the both of you!
Drill Dragon. Nail!
Let's go!
[yells]
[CHIN JAO yells]
Wujiaogen Heel!
[yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[BABY 5'S MOTHER]
You're not wanted or needed.
Not by this world
and not by anyone.
[BABY 5]
I've finally found my place.
This is all I could ask for.
[gasps]
You need to value your
life more than that!
[SAI gasps]
[BABY 5] I don't understand.
Why did you stop me?
Let me die!
Isn't that the only way
I can help you?
If I die, I can finally be
useful to someone, can't I?
Poor girl. The world
you live in is twisted.
They taught you all wrong.
[gasps]
Don Chin Jao's famous
drill head is bent sideways!
I can't believe I did that.
My attack was that powerful?
[CHIN JAO]
You're surprised?
You're not the one whose head
is bent at a 90-degree angle!
They're gonna fight
to the death, aren't they?
At long last...
...your power has awakened,
and your form is true!
Though your training
was filled with
blood, sweat, and tears,
it has indeed borne fruit!
Gramps, I--
I'm so proud of you.
The Hasshoken technique has
finally found its true heir.
Sai.
Your kick shall inherit
the title "Drill Dragon Nail"
as my head did before it.
[SAI gasps]
[CHIN JAO] Having witnessed
its strength, I may rest easy,
knowing that you can
split the continent of ice.
The Happosui Army is yours.
Truly and completely, now.
I shall cancel your
arranged marriage.
Your life is yours to
live as you please.
[SAI]
Gramps.
You've done well.
C'mere, boy, embrace me.
[SAI] Come on, Gramps,
you're embarrassing me here!
Truly a touching story!
[CHIN JAO]
To be frank, my chronic pain
has been acting up since
the battle with Straw Hat
and I haven't been able to
fight to my true potential.
I'm no spring chicken.
I had started to worry.
But now I know my legacy--
[LAO G grunts]
[gasps]
Behold! The Seal of G!
Gramps, no!
A perfect G!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G gasps]
He took down Don Chin Jao
with one shot!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
And where'd those huge muscles
come from?
[LAO G laughs]
Geo-Fist, ultimate technique.
Battle Insurance Fist!
A safety precaution to
counteract infirmary or old age.
By performing qigong exercises,
you can store away muscle from
your prime to draw upon later.
Now, I have combined
the experience of age
with the vitality of youth!
No one can stand before me!
My power is sublime!
That's why you should
respect the elderly, huh?
[laughs]
[LAO G] What business
does a filthy monkey
from Kano have with me?
How dare you do that to him.
I'll have my revenge.
[laughs] "Revenge," you say?
Try training for
a hundred years, you infant,
then you can challenge me.
I'll avenge my gramps
and pay back
the debt of honor
I owe to Straw Hat.
What a foolish ape!
Straw Hat will not
defeat the young master!
Your "honor" is meaningless!
We'll see!
[SAI grunts]
Listen! This kingdom
belongs to the young master.
Therefore, all those
who set foot here
are no more than his slaves!
Heh! Your faith in Straw Hat
has ensured your death!
I will triumph.
And the young master's
birdcage will be your grave!
Grave with a capital G!
Huh? You are a quick little
monkey, I'll grant you that.
However! Baby 5 is ours!
You won't--[groans]
take her away!
[BABY 5]
Aww! That's so sweet!
[LAO G]
You wait right there, Baby 5.
I'll protect you and
pound this interloper
into the ground
with a capital G!
Oh, what should I do?
I can't believe they're
fighting over me!
Careful! Stay back!
[LAO G laughs]
[LAO G] You're every bit
as green as I thought!
If you had any sense,
you would have used Baby 5
as a shield to
gain the upper hand!
[SAI gasps]
[laughs] Do you even realize
what Baby 5 is worth?
She'd give her life in an
instant if one of us needed it.
Why, there's scarcely
a more useful woman
in the world, one might say!
[BABY 5]
"Useful"!
[LAO G] I'll send you to hell
with my final secret technique!
[LAO G grunting]
Now Battle Insurance Fist!
Expiration Devil
Withdrawal Immolation!
[LAO G grunts]
Genocide with a capital G!
Listen, how 'bout this?
We'll fight for Baby 5!
And once I win,
then I am gonna
take her as my wife!
[yells]
[SAI] Drill Dragon Nail!
Now say goodbye!
[yelling]
[BABY 5 gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[yelling]
[LAO G]
Young Master, forgive me!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[LAO G]
G!
You accursed gorilla!
Gorilla with a capital G!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Call me the Don!
[NARRATOR] Another battle
on the second level
of the plateau comes to an end,
with two executives defeated.
Lao G fell.
[NARRATOR]
Baby 5 fell in love.
Uh...
This is all a bit new to me.
But I promise I'll
give it my best!
[NARRATOR]
Backstabbed and manipulated
by his once-hero, Doflamingo,
Bellamy stands broken,
on the precipice of death.
And yet, refusing to
betray his principles,
he makes a final resolution and
unleashes a desperate
attack against Luffy
to settle things
once and for all.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Man's Pride!
Bellamy's Last Charge!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!